---
title: Lesson 13
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /lesson-13/
source-id: 1-DDTNwcOYIrxibmEHQVDmjmiKlhr9hkLwMdCOZSEjHQ
published: true
---
Coding Lesson

This lesson began with the unfortunate news that Mr Keen was not going to be teaching us but instead we had Miss Collis and then she told us to going onto various websites and rah of them would help us to learn how to code various games.

 The 3 websites were codecombat.com/hoc, lightbot/hoc flash.html and finally studio.code.org. I made my way through the websites. The first was a fairly interesting site and was very helpful to give a start to coding. It was a fun way to teach code by making you complete a maze as a character of your choice. I would rate this as the second best of the websites. 

 Then I moved on to the next one and this was by far the worst of the websites as it didn't let you use JavaScript but instead you had to click different buttons to make this weird little robot move around the screen.

 Then I moved along to the final yet best (quite literally saving the best till last) website. This website allows for you to use JavaScript to its full potential and it was able to use certain themes for example there was Star Wars, Minecraft, Flappy Bird and many more different already existing franchises. 

 I really enjoyed doing coding on the final website as I was using various characters from the Star Wars movies and I got to control R2-D2 and I got to eat all a lot of Tauntauns. I coded it so that every Tauntaun I ate I got 4 more and 100 points per Tauntaun I ate. This allowed me to get infinite points and I named my abominatination Too Many Tauntauns. 

 Our lesson then concluded and I think it was the most fun and educational lesson in the entirety of my Challoners life.

 This lesson taught me so much about how to code for example I can now create a game in around 20 minutes but there has to be proper software already there then I can do it. Those tools I may not use later in my life but I still enjoyed it. 

