---
title: Year 8 no. 9
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /year-8-no.-9/
source-id: 1VMdic2-j-_eecn_zVtAM5IA5zU2u-1VlbMX8HcCyyIg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Coding lights on FUZE</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Pg 63</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>pg68</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I did not unfortunately but that is because of the tasks I had to do were incredibly difficult. With many thing hindering my progress.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week I had to do a lot of hands on stuff even though it was Tate's turn to type the code into the computer but we had to do the lighting of different coloured LEDs. I learnt by copying out the the booklet’s instructions allowing me to learn the absolute correct ways to code lighting up an LED light in a particular fashion that I had wanted.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was unfortunately limited by the hard hands-on work of the lights and how we had to do two things, code the lighting up of the lights and also plugging in the lights with the various colours of wiring, LED lights and also resistors. The booklet had stated that the colour of the lights didn’t matter but I was unconvinced. So I tried to keep to the instruction booklet but that failed causing both me and Tate to be incredibly confused.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week, in order to complete this exercise, I will to try and persevere my challenges with many tips that I have searched up on the internet. These are; to search your problem up on the internet, the next to ask a member of the class and the third and final, of my favourite tips, to ask the teacher. This will allow me to help progress faster and more definitively in my learning.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


