---
title: Year 8 no.2
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /year-8-no.2/
source-id: 1Q_GMwpuxzaD0iOfVRquNlBQjEPnQv84EECkep2OKhyE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>FUZE coding</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Coding with the FUZE Box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get a start on coding the FUZE Box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I completed one task and made a good start on the second task.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Tate, who is my partner, would do the coding but I would read out the instructions to him and we agreed that next week we would swap roles and he would read out the tasks with me coding the actual work. This was very effective as Tate had already used the coding language which has a name that I can't quite remember at the moment.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> There were many distractions during the lesson this caused me to stop the track of work I was on and start to interact with the distractions. These being; other people, people needing help and Tate singing. I think that next time I should try to block out these distractions and try to get on with my work as I am behind for reasons stated in my previous blog post.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time Tate and I will swap tasks for our learning as previously stated. This should help as it is a new way of learning in my IT lessons.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


