---
title: Lesson 12
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /lesson-12/
source-id: 1-qiW67ROXHmbReGNEhBvbGNWxbUv91Ktg21DGjFi6Ts
published: true
---
E-Safety: The Subject Returns

 The lesson started with us discussing what we should do about the colour of our blogs but I think that my blog has a good colour scheme and a few of my friends agreed with me.

 Then we gathered in the centre of the room and watched videos for the rest of the lesson. Though I will go into much more detail than that. During the entirety of the lesson all we did was watch watch several videos had some humorous moments though they would eventually turn quite dark. 

 The first one contained 2 people one of which was a young female who has an older brother and a boy who is her friend, their names are Aleeya and Tariq. Then her brother comes in and makes a competition that whoever is the first to a million views by Saturday is the winner. Then we got to chose what to watch next and we chose to accept the challenge. That took us to the 2nd to the 6th (from the end) video of each of them creating their videos with some funny parts mostly involving the humiliation of Aleeya's brother Jamir and both sides equally get very close to 1 million.

 Though this is when it took a turn for the dark side when they go to the party on sunday which is the final day of  the challenge and Jamir is standing their with his girlfriend. Jamir then walked over to the two of them and started taunting the pair about how they lost the challenge and this made Tariq really angry. Jamir then pushed Tariq away and said how that he and his girlfriend have some personal business to attend to and Tariq saw his opportunity and seized it. He then filmed a porno of the two having sex and posted it online. 

 The final few videos were just showing the consequences of that and how to get out of a situation like that. Then the lesson ended.

 From this lesson I learnt that you should never try to get vengeance on anyone no matter what they do to you.

