---
title: Year 8 no.5
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /year-8-no.5/
source-id: 1oQrY1VocDhklyvgpLyqDwsgQ7sW2BLEl5WBWiMKW5Kg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Continuing to code even further.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>04/10/16 </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>page 40</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach 50</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt this week by continuing with alternating roles weekly with my partner and me. This week luckily I was doing the hands on work  and my partner was reading out from the book which is, in my opinion, the worse job learning wise but still I believe that he would learn sufficient. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Unfortunately we began the lesson with being told about how to change our blog posts and nothing to do with the infinitely more fun coding with the FUZE boxes which of course was annoying even further still we got told that every week not only did we have to do a blog post but also we had to add 2 new things onto our blogs. This was why I didn't reach my 10 page goal for this week.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>There is no way that I could improve my way of learning as it is very good for me and the reason that Tate, my partner, and I were delayed today was because of reasons that were out of my capability to prevent.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


For homework this week I removed all that is on the top right of the screen as it has nothing to do with me it is all about the creator of the  original blog. I also decided to remove the Facebook, Twitter and other forms of contacting me as they are also unnecessary but they can be turned on if I want them in the future next week I want to change my colour of the blog.

