---
title: Lesson 10
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /lesson-10/
source-id: 1-AI5XDRiWeEvNr6hl2fpn7H8Ds16WRcquEFZ3sNDEnI
published: true
---
Illusions 

This lesson was a very quick lesson and in which a lot happened of the same thing.To start off with we did the same thing we'd been doing for the past couple of weeks. Checking who had done the homework correctly and just before the lesson I had a quick panic attack of "had I done it" though I had done the work correctly. 

  This lead to us discussing about the answers our parents gave us and some people were quite shocked by their parents answers me included. Sir then explained that people may have not told us the truth as people's online and in school actions may not be the way that they act at home. So he showed us his Facebook account to prove that he was also a culprit of this, as according to his Facebook page he is a man who takes parts in re-enactments and likes optical illusions. These optical illusions lead us onto look at a lot of similar  images by a man called Escher which lead to a lot of groans of ugh, this is so trippy or I don't get it. I found this quite funny to listen to the others complaining about their low level of intellect. 

  Finally we went on to viewing a few of the identity maps that we've had to do for homework then made a start on our identity maps for ten minutes and the lesson ended.

 This lesson I learnt that any song can include nursery rhymes as well as normal songs I also found out a lot more about my classmates.

