---
title: Year 8 no. 8
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /year-8-no.-8/
source-id: 1TTlUIXcxmDdDf5IGojxkvaoAnO1_PwiVxi2wML2-h9I
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>A break from FUZE coding.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>07/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>My original style for my blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to up the grade of my blog by at least one or two pints.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I am not aware.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by listening to what Mr Keen was saying about what not to do and what to do to be able to make the blog we have been doing for the past year. As we had handed ours over on Google Classroom we could see other peoples to help show us what to do and what not to do. This really helped me and has also taught me about how to tackle being publicly insulted and humiliated as that happened to quite a few of my friends because of the state of their blogs.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>There is only one reason that caused me to limit my learning and that is my lack of time to work on my blog. For over 40 minutes of the lesson was spent being told about the blog's by Mr Keen this caused me to have little time to work on the blog though I still think that I learnt a lot about how to improve my blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My problem ,as I said in the last paragraph was my lack of time to work, was unfortunately out of my control as I do not have time-warping powers (unfortunately). This means that I could not be in control of how much I learnt and hopefully next week I will be able to learn more than I did this week.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


