---
title: Lesson 11
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /lesson-11/
source-id: 1-D8VdxJeJnOYAy3XnFlKYAa9jCxCzS4qDRcmVCHtZFA
published: true
---
Reviewing Identity Maps

When creating my identity map I knew that a lot of work had to be done to make sure that it was correct, this lead to me to chose to make a list of the essentials for it to cross them off as I went through the list. I felt that this would certainly lead to success which lead to me being disappointed when I was told that I had done it incorrectly I felt very disappointed. Then the day came for us to bring it in and display it to the class which I felt was a very good way to share it too the class as I could get some direct response to my work. When it came to critiquing the other pieces of work I had a lot of fun discovering new facts about my fellow classmates. There was also a more disappointed part of it when I saw how people like Gus had done very impressive pieces of work. I would have preferred to have a private discussion with Mr Keen to find out in private what he thought of my work but it definitely useful to hear what other people thought of my work. When it came to viewing my fellow classmates' work I was quite surprised about what information they put on their identity map and there were some things that I already knew but found out more about those things. I shall not say what those things were I case they didn't want to have that information leaked online. This is definitely a much safer process than waiting for a response on the internet as people could listen to the conversation. 

 The identity map activity didn't really change my ideas of what social media I'd use when I'm older as I already have a very clear idea of how I want to live my future including what social media I'll use. Through the course of these last six weeks in learning about social media helped me get a lot of useful insight into how I should safely use social media.

 This lesson I learnt a lot more about a lot more people in my class from what they had put on their maps.

