---
title: Lesson 9
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /lesson-9/
source-id: 1363qVwEnTUgzp5PrWTAg_PV_fB1__qa-VGiS-xSWIs8
published: true
---
Group Work 

At the beginning of the lesson we walked into the classroom and started to turn our computers and I was having a bit of a problem with my computer which was that is was completely and utterly in French with me having not a clue to what to do. 

  Then we moved on to getting into groups of 5,my group consisted of me, Andrew, Jack, Matt and Rhys. After that sir said one member from our group would have to go and collect these twelve pieces of paper that he had ready for us to collect. These sheets of paper each had a different statement on each of them these were; posting your favourite quote of the day, pasting a picture of your family at your birthday party, posting a funny picture of you cat, sending a flirty message to a person that you know, posting a picture of you at a party when you are drinking, posting a joke about a teacher or a friend, posting a flirty image to a shared board where people you may not know who they are , posting your phone number on a shared board, posting an angry comment that your friend has said, posting that your family will be out for the night, playing with a person you don't know the name of and talk to him via  a headset and finally posting that your family will be away for a holiday. These were then ordered into what we thought were the not so bad things to do with social media to the worst things you can do with social media.

 Once that had been completed we were once more gathered in the middle to discuss our thoughts on the orders of some groups which was quite intriguing. Then we had been given our final task to get into a group of 3 and make a list of ten positive things you can do with social media. Finally we watched a couple of videos on YouTube about not being addicted to social media. One of which I found to be quite amusing which was called the Twitter musical. 

 Then the lesson ended. I learnt that a flirty image didn't have to be a sexual image it could just be a posed image. 

