---
title: Year 8 no. 1
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /year-8-1/
source-id: 1E6sPBIo0ZbKOVLq2ctDJmcTp1d4hdjEjHrIKuYg2sTs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>FUZE set up.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Setting up the FUZE box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To set up the FUZE box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No I didn't until five minutes from the end of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by watching what Mr Leigh did then I imagined myself doing the same thing in my head to help me remember what to do if the FUZE box didn't work in future lessons when he wasn't there to help my partner(Tate) and me. I found this to be a lot more helpful than just listening to what sir said and how to do it as it felt as if I was actually doing it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Throughout the lesson our FUZE box was not working so that set me back for the actual learning part of the lesson. This meant that I am behind on learning the code for the work. I will need to work on working better as a team with my partner as we occasionally did but for the majority of the lesson we didn't.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time I will check all my components to see if they work as the whole reason that my FUZE box didn't work is that the power supply was non functional so the whole thing was. Not working. This would help improve my learning as I will actually be learning how to code and not just how to get a FUZE box to work which is not the intention for our lessons just five minutes at the start of them.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


