---
title: Year 9 Lesson 1
layout: post
author: charlie.hinds
permalink: /year-9-lesson-1/
source-id: 1I26pL0W-L3IRMLh9DS0Iy173dEN-dnuCu0VJSO1Hn5Y
published: true
---
**Lesson 1-A New Year**

**06/09/2017**

   This lesson was a fun yet simplistic one. I was okay with that because we learnt and it was very simple. As you can tell from the title we began a new topic and it was one I already knew about. Google sheets. I use this to track how much money I am spending a week and it is really useful. 

   During the lesson we learned how to put one set of data on one sheet but then on a separate one we can use that data to put in a much more well organised and clearer set of information. It can be clearer using various other skills like changing the colour of the boxes in the table as well as putting in lines around the data to make it into a more scientific table. Using colour helps to highlight the data and put it into sections, i.e. for a product order form you may want to highlight the quantity of the order, the price of the order, and the total profit made from the order. The separate coloring allows for a simpler understanding all the information.

   In between now and next week although I have done all the work required of me I will probably do some work to practise my 'sheets' skills and have all the work from this lesson and have it secured in my head and then be completely ready for next week’s lesson.

   I feel this lesson was very successful and with a little more practise I can have a much better understanding of the basics of google sheets.

